iAPI Docs: Core concepts - How it works scheme overview (#64240)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/reference-guides/interactivity-api/core-concepts/how-it-works-scheme-overview.md

> To get a complete picture of how the API works, let's review a request to the imagined `/interactive` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a complete picture of how the Interactivity API works, let's review a request to an imagined `/interactive` page.
```

> The `/interactive` page is a plain page that contains an interactive "accordion" block among static content. In this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/interactive` page is a standard page that contains an accordion block among static content. In this
```

case, the request will pass through the following phases:

> ## Part A: Backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Server side processing begins
```

### 1. Initial processing

The initial request to the `/interactive` page is processed by WordPress, and all the hooks are fired as usual.

> ### 2. Page body HTML generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2. HTML DOM processing
```

At this stage, the current theme generates markup for the current request. During it, the place with the interactive
accordion block
is reached:

> ```php

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```php
// render.php
```

<?php wp_interactivity_state('accordion', ['isClosed' => true]); ?>

<div data-wp-interactive="accordion"
   <?php echo wp_interactivity_data_wp_context(["openItemMessage" => __('Current open item is', 'domain'), "closedItemMessage" => __('Items are closed.', 'domain')]); ?>
   data-wp-class--dark="state.isDark">
        <div class='accordion__panel'>
           <div class='accordion__heading-opened' data-wp-bind--hidden="state.isClosed">
               <span data-wp-text="context.openItemMessage"></span>
               <span class='accordion__open-item-name'></span>
           </div>
           <div class='accordion__heading-closed' data-wp-bind--hidden="context.isOpen">
               <span data-wp-text="context.closedItemMessage"></span>
           </div>
       </div>
</div>
```

Note: The `wp_interactivity_state` and `wp_interactivity_data_wp_context` calls are optional,

> while `data-wp-interactive="accordion"` is a necessary directive that defines our block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while `data-wp-interactive="accordion"` is a required directive to tell the Interactivity API that we want this element and its nested DOM elements to be recognized by the Interactivity API.
```

The following will happen:

> #### 2.1) The `wp_interactivity_state` call defines the state variables of our block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2.1) The `wp_interactivity_state` call initializes some server-side state for the block.
```
